Doctor Song, wake up. Doctor Song!
Doctor Song!
What is it?
- We have a big problem. - What do you mean?
Is there an emergency patient?
It's not that.
I don't know what to do.
Is something wrong?
Mr. Chu.
What's going on?
(Episode 25)
- It's okay. - What are you saying?
What are you doing after work today?
Gosh, it stinks in here.
Goodness, what's all this?
Whom did you take it from?
Who are you?
Who is the boss here?
There.
I'm eating breakfast. Why is it so noisy?
- Are you the boss? - I'm the owner of this place.
The owner?
What do you sell here?
- Do you sell human organs? - What?
What did you say to my friend?
You told her to sell her organs, didn't you?
Who's your friend?
Song Eun Jae, the surgeon on the hospital ship.
What a crazy punk.
Put that spoon down.
Put it down before I break your wrist, you jerk.
Yes, sir.
- Sir! - Mr. Yang!
- Mr. Yang. - You're bleeding.
- What? - Are you okay?
Loan sharks?
And you just let them go?
Yes.
My goodness, this is terrible.
You should've stopped them.
Mr. Yang went there too.
Choon Ho can't handle them either.
Loan sharks are...
mostly gangsters, okay?
Darn it.
Aren't you worried about them?
Of course, I am. I'm very worried.
Then why are you looking at the computer?
I still have to take care of the patients. What can I do?
If something happens to Doctor Song and Mr. Chu...
I should focus on my job even more then.
- Gosh, you got... - A lot of guts?
That's right. You have plenty of guts.
It can even fill up the Pacific.
Gosh. Oh, it must be them.
My gosh, we thought you were Doctor Song.
Why are you waiting for her?
Is something wrong?
It's none of your business.
You're not one of us.
You're here. How was your holiday?
Can I talk to you for a second?
Can it wait? I have to make an urgent call.
You seem upset.
- Or scared. - Excuse me?
What are you so scared of? Losing him?
Doctor Kim.
Or...
is it because he might find out?
What do you mean?
What do you think I meant?
The person you're trying to reach is not available.
What if something really happened to them?
I'm so scared!
Go kill them!
Kill me!
Leave him alone!
What do you want?
I'll kill you all!
Kill me! Come on!
What will you do?
Oh dear.
You stay here. I'll go and get them.
You can't do that.
They'll be the death of me.
Did they all pass out?
Hello.
Sit up straight.
Eyes downward. Don't you dare look straight at her.
Mr. Yang.
What are you doing?
You see, these fools...
Do you think it's okay to beat people up?
What?
(Errands, Loans)
(October Loans)
Nothing's broken. Just a few bruises.
You'll heal in two weeks.
Thank you.
You're treating the fools who tried to hurt you.
Our big sister's heart is as big as the ocean.
I'd really wanted to ask you something.
Are you really older than him?
I can't help but think that you're younger.
Right.
- Chil Goo. - Yes, sir.
I should just...
You know,
I respect her with all my heart.
Age is not an issue.
Since the day she reattached his hand,
she's become our big sister.
That's right.
Right, big sis?
- Stop chatting, and put these on. - Okay.
Next.
Did you see that?
Even I obey her.
She's really tough.
That's why...
you need to redo your calculations.
My calculations?
Go on in.
Welcome.
Sit.
Shall we have a look?
The principal is 40,000 dollars, and the interest is...
100,000 dollars?
That's right.
Oh dear. Do you want all that back?
This loan went to China two years ago.
I know the borrower, so I gave him a discount...
Come on now, Chil Goo.
There's no way he'll pay me.
Right?
Let's have another look.
Doctor Song's interest in arrears is...
She paid back 10,000 dollars already.
It says here her dad sent 5,000 dollars too.
Let's deduct all that.
That leaves 25,000 dollars.
No. 40,000 dollars.
- Just the principal. - 20,000.
I can't do that.
Hitting someone isn't the only kind of violence.
What did you say to her?
That she should sell an organ?
That's violence too.
She could sue him for psychological damage as well.
Don't make her do that.
That's would be too harsh.
Then how about...
- 22,000? - 27,500 dollars.
23,000 then, you jerk.
25,000. That's not a big ask.
- Deal. - What?
Thanks for the great deal.
There's no taking back.
Okay.
Take care.
Who was it? Doctor Song?
It worked out.
- They're on their way back. - Great.
What? Do you want to talk?
Yes. We need to sort things out.
- How do you mean? - Can I claim Doctor Song?
You've been spending a lot of time with Ms. Choi.
- Aren't you back together? - We aren't.
- Then why are you always together? - That's because...
Why won't you answer?
You can't divulge your patient's condition?
What do you mean?
Ms. Choi went to Seoul because she was sick.
Ever since then, your desk...
was cluttered with papers.
Does she have leukemia?
What are you offering?
Treatment? Pity?
Love?
- All three? - Jae Geol.
What? Do you want to say no?
Then you should've gotten her another doctor.
Even if your ex is dying,
you can't do this if you don't feel anything.
You still have feelings for her...
She's my patient.
Nothing more than that.
What about Doctor Song, then?
No relationship there either?
She might think so,
- but... - But what?
I feel differently.
You like her?
Let's not turn it into a joke by saying...
it needs to be sorted out.
Who said it's a joke?
You said Doctor Song thinks there's nothing between you two.
- Don't I have a shot, then? - Jae Geol.
If I do, I don't want to give it up.
You know the reason why...
I can't do that.
Just how great a woman Doctor Song is...
is something you know better than I do for now.
(New message)
Schedule for treatment is ready. Bring patient to hospital.
Doctor, this is Kwak Hyun.
Yes.
I'd like to make a suggestion regarding Young Eun's treatment.
What are you so scared of?
Losing him?
- Doctor Kim. - Or...
is it because he might find out?
What?
Is something wrong?
No. Nothing's wrong.
It's just that things aren't quite working out.
It happens when you're sick.
Doctor Go texted me.
Your treatment schedule's out.
I don't work tomorrow.
I'll take you.
Must I...
go?
Ms. Choi.
Okay. I'll go. I will.
Don't be scared.
It'll be fine.
The slave hunters are back!
Mr. Chu, are you all right?
Choon Ho did something great.
It was nothing.
Tomorrow's a Saturday.
Let's have soju.
You'll pay?
- Soju's so cheap. - Then what?
- And beer. - And pork belly.
- Deal. - Hooray.
What about us, doctor?
Of course, she'd invite you too.
We're all invited.
Yes, let's celebrate. My treat.
This is great.
We owe all this to Mr. Yang, don't we?
Absolutely.
You're so cool. You're a true man.
I'd rather you not call me that. I'm embarrassed now.
A manly man.
Oh, right.
I have a good idea.
Get back to work. You can't all stay here.
Come on, people.
- That's right. Work. - Come along.
We have some cleaning up to do.
Choon Ho, get some rest.
He doesn't know yet.
That's why he mentioned a treatment schedule.
If she told the Korean Medicine doctor,
it's a matter of time before she tells Hyun.
Jeong Rim, I'll call you back.
Was it you?
Did you tell the Korean Medicine doctor?
- Tell him what? - You know what I mean.
So it's true.
Believe it or not, I didn't tell him.
- He happened to find out. - What do you mean?
I think he overheard us in the room next door.
- Should I believe that? - It's the truth.
If you're that anxious, why did you do it?
It's not too late. Tell Dr. Kwak...
Tell him what?
Tell him everything so that I ruin myself?
Why would I do that?
Keep Dr. Kim under control, and stay out of my business.
[VIU Ver] Episode 25 Hospital Ship "Big Sister"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Why did you do that to Ms. Choi?
I scared her to give her a hard time.
Dr. Kim.
As I said, I like to play fair.
If I start with more advantage than Dr. Kwak,
it's not fun.
You should go unless you want acupuncture. I'm studying.
Do you have time today?
Want to eat dinner together?
- That sounds good. - You can pick the restaurant.
I don't know any.
(Ji Eun)
Hello, Ji Eun.
Are you coming this weekend?
- This weekend? - Did you forget already?
You're supposed to get your suit tailored for my engagement.
Seung Won's trying his on that day, so we can all eat together.
What will you do about Dad?
Stay here.
My brother is at the hospital ship, so I can't hear him well.
- Okay, see you soon. - Okay.
Why are you bringing up Dad?
Tell his family about our dad and introduce him.
- Hyun. - Let's do that.
Don't you dare.
I'll cancel the wedding.
Then I'll kill myself.
Is there a problem?
No, not at all.
Then why do you look so serious?
He won't get his suit tailored since he's too busy.
Men can be like that.
Don't be so sensitive.
Still...
Let's go. I'll buy you something delicious.
I need to get back to work after lunch.
Let's go.
The hospital ship has an announcement to make.
At the hospital ship today,
there will be flu vaccination.
Please come,
and make sure to get your flu shot.
I'll repeat the announcement.
Brace yourselves today.
When we provide flu vaccination for free,
the hospital gets extremely crowded.
- I'm scared. - Me too.
All right, let's go.
Isn't that Geun Ja?
Is she picking vegetables today?
She's so peculiar.
What is she wearing while picking vegetables?
Give her a break. She's from Seoul.
No, she isn't.
Be nice to her.
She hasn't been back home in a long time.
Hey, Geun Ja.
"Geun Ja"?
Geun Ja, are you picking vegetables?
My name is Geun Hee, not Geun Ja.
I changed my name a long time ago. Don't call me Geun Ja.
- What's the difference? - What?
When did you arrive? Did you come alone?
Of course, I came alone.
Why? Your mom was waiting for you.
Why didn't you bring your husband and son?
Why would they come here?
Don't you know that life in Seoul is busy?
Gosh, I forgot.
You spent your whole life in the countryside.
How would you know?
- What did you say? How dare you? - Gosh.
Stop it.
We aren't children anymore.
I'm turning 60 soon.
Didn't you see how aggressive she was?
You started it by bragging.
That's enough!
Both of you should come to my house tonight.
What's going on?
Makgeolli aged really well.
You used to love makgeolli that I made at home.
I did?
Of course. Don't you remember?
After drinking it with sugar,
you cried and got completely drunk.
When did I do that?
You'll come, right?
No, thanks. I don't drink much these days.
All I drink is some wine when I can't fall asleep.
What? What did you say?
Don't you know what wine is?
Forget about drinking.
She gave me bad luck before I went diving.
Hurry up. Aren't you going to dive?
My goodness.
Come tonight.
I'll keep a bottle for you.
Aren't we going to the hospital ship for the vaccination?
We can't dive after getting a flu shot.
- You're such a hick. - What?
Mom, I'm home.
You like these vegetables, don't you?
I'll cook them for you.
They cried because they were so scared.
- Is it my turn? - Come this way.
Let's get vaccinated.
- See you later. - Good luck.
It shouldn't be too bad.
Is it my turn?
- Are your children healthy? - Yes.
I'll listen to your breathing.
- What's the temperature? - 36.5°C.
- Everything looks good. - Is that so?
You may get vaccinated.
- Follow me to the injection room. - Goodbye.
Hello, sir. The shot won't hurt at all.
- Nurse Pyo, flu shot, please. - Okay.
Press it down hard.
Take off your jacket, and pull up your sleeve.
- Is that so? - Yes.
Next is Heo Geun Hee.
- Yes. - Go to the doctor's office.
- Please have a seat. - Hello.
(Blood test results)
Are you here for the vaccination?
It was you.
I'm sorry?
You have my mom's name, Mo Mak Jeom, on that piece of paper.
You're her daughter.
Whenever we talk on the phone,
she won't stop saying good things about you.
I always wanted to meet you.
She hurt her hip joint. How is she doing?
She won't be able to move around for a while.
Change her position often to prevent bedsores.
I'll give you some enemas as well.
She likes dried persimmons,
so she has bad constipation.
Gosh, you know so much about her.
You're much better than her own son or grandson.
No, not at all.
Are you feeling okay? Your hands are very hot.
Oh, I almost forgot why I was here.
I've done all kinds of chores since I got here,
so I must've caught a cold.
I have a fever and chills.
- Take her body temperature first. - Okay.
- Let me take your body temperature. - Sure.
It's 37.3℃.
You have a mild fever. When did it start?
I think I've had it for about 3 to 4 days.
What about other symptoms?
Have you had a cough, a runny nose, or phlegm as well?
I've been coughing a little.
What about when you swallow your saliva? Does it hurt?
- Just a little. - I see.
- Please open up. - Okay.
Your throat doesn't look so swollen.
Let me listen to your chest.
Excuse me.
- Please turn around. - Okay.
- Take a deep breath. - Okay.
One more time, please.
Your breathing is not bad either.
For now, I think you're showing early symptoms of a cold.
Take the medicine for a few days.
If you still have a fever and feel the same,
please come back.
You can come back here if possible.
If not, please go to a hospital on land.
I'll probably get better before then.
Of course.
- Choon Soon. - Ma'am!
Choon Soon!
Ma'am!
- Ma'am! - Choon Soon!
Choon Soon!
Goodness, Choon Soon!
Oh, gosh. Choon Soon.
What? An accident at sea?
The patient is a diver?
Try to get up.
Oh, my goodness. Do you think you can?
Your arms. Try lifting your arm.
Lift it now!
What about your legs?
Can you lift them?
Not even your legs?
You really can't lift them?
- Oh, dear. - What should we do?
- Choon Soon! - Oh, my goodness.
Choon Soon! Oh, gosh. Choon Soon.
It's very serious. She's completely paralyzed.
Completely paralyzed?
Where are you right now?
Oh, is it nearby?
Okay. I got it.
We have an emergency patient.
Yes. Okay, we will.
The patient's name is Baek Choon Soon. A 58-year-old female.
She's a diver,
but there was a problem while floating.
She's completely paralyzed now.
- Is the Coast Guard coming? - In 30 minutes.
Let's go.
Doctors! It's this way!
Ma'am. Can you tell me your name?
Ma'am.
(Episode 26 will air shortly.)